have you ever heard of a wheeler-dealer
he's a fellow who borrows millions makes
millions spends millions the
wheeler-dealer never loses but taxman
loses he usually does on the Henry
tyroon deal and there are lady wheeler
dealers too
[Applause]
but wheeler-dealers don't always think
of money not by any means you think he's
got more than business online every man
has sex on the brain like it's some sort
of wonder drug
I even had a guy once telling me that
sex prevents cavities cavities
wheeler-dealers have a philosophy you've
got me all wrong
you don't go wheeling dealing for money
you do it for fun money is just the way
he keeps going I asked for another room
but but they didn't have any standard
models left I didn't think you'd believe
me
[Music]
the wheeler dealers and their hilarious
wheeler dealer friends Phil Harris and
chill wills there's I have all of the
New York
Louie NYE you're bringing mysticism
painting but you ain't bringing pain to
mysticism what are you some kind of
religious nut Jim Bakker's from the very
first day that you set foot in this
office I said to myself that boy is
going places John Astin will you please
answer the question
well that business associate took one
room with a double bed and that business
associate took the adjoining room but it
looks like Henry is going to get the
business in a most unbusinesslike way
where's the other half that's all there
is there isn't anymore
[Music]
[Applause]
it's the hilarious inside story of the
affair that made financial history shook
Wall Street to its foundation and wound
up in a very unusual merger case
dismissed thank you your honor
[Music]
[Applause]